# Accounting System (ENGG1340_Group66)
## Problem Statement and Problem Setting:
It is significant to manage our financial status and make better use of our money. Reasonable distribution of expenditure based on income is the basis for enjoying life. With regard to daily wealth management, people have many demands that are difficult to meet through simple human memory. People may add records of income and expenditure at any time. People may wish to record a variety of information about wealth, such as amount, time, type of expense and account. Also, they need to add, rewrite or delete these revenue and expenditure records at any time. Sometimes people need to find specific records through some information, regularly browse the wealth status and humanized statistical reports, and compare monthly consumption. When the balance of income and expenses cannot be achieved, people must be warned. People who occasionally travel abroad need to change the type and amount of currency records according to the exchange rate. In daily lives, people cannot always remember the huge amount of data on their income and expenses. They need an intelligent system to help them record, coordinate, and plan. Therefore, we aim to develop such an accounting system using C++ and C programming codes to help people record revenues and expenditures and manage wealth.
## Program Features and Functionality:
1) Add records of income and expenses.
2) The records contain some basic information, like amount, date, types of income or expense (e.g. food, entertainment, transport, life, education, shopping, salary, etc.), account (e.g. cash, bank card, credit card, WeChat Pay, Alipay, etc.); 
3) The records could be deleted and edited at any time; 
4) Users could view their records by date, type, and account; 
5) The system can provide statistical report of users’ financial state (e.g. monthly or yearly income and expenses, percentage of food expenses, contrast of expenses between this month and last month, etc.); 
6) The system allows budget setting. When the cost reaches or exceeds budget, there would be an alert from the system.
7) The system allows the user to enter a specific value of exchange rate or use the exchange rates of several regions given by the system (based on Hong Kong users) to add records or adjust all records.
